h1. Intelligents-ia

What we can found in this project ?

A super pom for my maven projects which configure many many things like:

* Default compiler and resource: JDK6, UTF-8
* Maven jar add maven descriptor
* Source artifact will be generated on jar goal
* Checksum file will be deployed into repository with md5 and sha1 extension
* Release automatically assign submodules the parent version
* Configure maven-gpg-plugin to sign with gpg and automaticaly call it on release
* Configure maven-license-plugin to add license information
* Profile 'document-artifacts' -Ddocument=true generate source and javadoc artifact
* Configure distribution Management and repository

"Intelligents-ia":http://iIntelligents-ia.com is my personal blog for playing...

h2. GNUPG

In order to work with it, you should do: 
* install "Gnupg":http://www.gnupg.org/
* generate de secret key "example":http://www.cyberciti.biz/tips/linux-how-to-create-our-own-gnupg-privatepublic-key.html "gpg --gen-key"
* configure your pom with this property

** gnupg.homedir: The directory from which gpg will load keyrings. 
** gnupg.keyname: Your Key Name
** gnupg.passphrase: Your Passphrase
** gnupg.skip: set to false to use it

bc. 
<properties>
	<gnupg.homedir>${basedir}/src/gnupg</gnupg.homedir>
	<gnupg.keyname>Your Key Name</gnupg.keyname>
	<gnupg.passphrase>Your Passphrase</gnupg.passphrase>
	<gnupg.skip>false</gnupg.skip>
</properties>



h2. License

In your project you should have on root:

* a LICENSE.txt with license content
* a NOTICE.txt 
* header.txt the header content which will be set

In pom of your your sub module, set properties like this:

bc. 
<license.header.path>${basedir}/../header.txt</license.header.path> 


License will be check on package phase.

To add header information your have to do

bc. 
mvn license:format

If you would NOT use this plugin, set property 'license.skip' to true

bc. 
mvn -Dlicense.skip=true

or

bc. 
<properties>
	<license.skip>true</license.skip>
</properties>


h2. Eclipse Formatter, code templates and clean up

Under src/config you could find:
* "codetemplates.xml":https://github.com/geronimo-iia/intelligents-ia/tree/master/src/config/codetemplates.xml
* "eclipse-clean-up.xml":https://github.com/geronimo-iia/intelligents-ia/tree/master/src/config/eclipse-clean-up.xml
* "eclipse-formatter.xml":https://github.com/geronimo-iia/intelligents-ia/tree/master/src/config/eclipse-formatter.xml


h2. Find which version, tags and commit, comment that running 

From "git-commit-id-plugin":https://github.com/ktoso/maven-git-commit-id-plugin

This generate some usefull information in:

bc. 
src/main/resources/git.properties

h2. GitHub maven plugin

From "GitHub":https://github.com/github/maven-plugins, if you would upload artifact on GitHub download section, you have to:

# activate profile 'downloads-github'

bc. mvn -Pdownloads-github


# add a server section in your settings.xml
bc. 
<servers>
  <server>
    <id>github</id>
    <username>GitHubLogin</username>
    <password>GitHubPassw0rd</password>
  </server>
</servers>


This plugin will be activated by:

bc. mvn deploy -Pdownloads-github

or

bc. mvn ghDownloads:upload -Pdownloads-github



h2. Configure your pom

h3. add parent section

bc. 
<parent>
	<groupId>org.intelligents-ia</groupId>
	<artifactId>intelligents-ia</artifactId>
	<version>1.4.1</version>
</parent>

h3. add initial repository


bc. 
<repositories>
	<repository>
		<id>intelligents-ia-releases</id>
		<name>Intelligents-ia releases repository</name>
		<url>http://mvn.intelligents-ia.com/releases</url>
		<releases>
			<enabled>true</enabled>
		</releases>
		<snapshots>
			<enabled>false</enabled>
		</snapshots>
	</repository>
</repositories>



h2. Release Notes
 

h3. 1.4.3-SNAPSHOT

Some idea for the next release:
* site-maven-plugin


h3. 1.4.2 Coming soon

bc. 
<dependency>
	<groupId>org.intelligents-ia</groupId>
	<artifactId>intelligents-ia</artifactId>
	<version>1.4.2</version>
</dependency>


Change list:
* add optimized compilation
* integrate download "github plugin":https://github.com/github/maven-plugins
* fix issue on maven-antrun-plugin version
* activate license plugin and add skip mechanism with property 'license.skip' 
* create profile intelligents-ia, activated per default  


h3. 1.4.1
 
bc. 
<dependency>
	<groupId>org.intelligents-ia</groupId>
	<artifactId>intelligents-ia</artifactId>
	<version>1.4.1</version>
</dependency>
 
Change list:
* add older repository
* add license plugin configuration
* add gnupg plugin configuration
* add initial config for maven site plugin





